Feature: minor enhancement including updating fabric binaries setup script to use v2.2.0 (#16)
chainstack/fabric-bootcamp-chaincode: README.md

Note that downloading the binaries will take some time.

In the `webapp/server/.env` file, replace the `ORDERER_NAME`, `PEER_NAME`, and `MSP_ID` variables with:

> * `ORDERER_NAME` — the orderer name of the network you deployed your peer in. To access the orderer name—in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), navigate to Hyperledger Fabric **service nodes** tab from the network, access **Orderer**, copy the **Orderer name** value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ORDERER_NAME` — the orderer name of the network you deployed your peer in. To access the orderer name, in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, click on *Service nodes** tab and **Orderer** to access details page. Here you can copy the **Orderer name** value.
```

> * `PEER_NAME` — the peer name of the peer that you deployed. To access the peer name—in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), navigate to the Hyperledger Fabric **Peer nodes** tab from the network, access your peer and copy the **Peer name** value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PEER_NAME` — the name of the peer that you deployed. To access the peer name, in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, select **Peer nodes** tab, click on your peer name to access its details page. Here you can copy the **Peer name** value.
```

> * `MSP_ID` — the Membership Service Provider identity (MSP ID) of the peer that you deployed. To access the MSP ID—in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), navigate to the Hyperledger Fabric **Peer nodes** tab from the network, access your peer and copy the **MSP ID** value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MSP_ID` — the Membership Service Provider identity (MSP ID) of the peer that you deployed. To access the MSP ID, in the [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, select **Peer nodes** tab, click on your peer name to access its details page. Here you can copy the **MSP ID** value.
```

You are now ready for the bootcamp.

### Set up your environment (optional)

Additionally, you may want to prepare the web app client and server in advance—although this is not required, as this will be done during the bootcamp.

1. Export the [required files](./webapp/certs/README.md) from [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/).

1. Set up the web app client:

```sh
cd webapp/client
npm i
npm run build

> ```

Reviewer: Add 2 spaces for indentation

Note that downloading the binaries will take some time.

In the `webapp/server/.env` file, replace the `ORDERER_NAME`, `PEER_NAME`, and `MSP_ID` variables with:

> * `ORDERER_NAME` — the orderer name of the network you deployed your peer in. To access the orderer name, in the [Chainstack Platform](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, select **Service nodes** tab and click on **Orderer** to access its details page. Here you can copy the **Orderer name** value.

Reviewer 2: There's no "Chainstack Platform", there's either "Chainstack" or "Chainstack platform"

* `PEER_NAME` — the name of the peer that you deployed. To access the peer name, in the [Chainstack Platform](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, select **Peer nodes** tab, click on your peer name to access its details page. Here you can copy the **Peer name** value.

> * `MSP_ID` — the Membership Service Provider identity (MSP ID) of the peer that you deployed. To access the MSP ID, in the [Chainstack Platform](https://console.chainstack.com/), from Hyperledger Fabric network, select **Peer nodes** tab, click on your peer name to access its details page. Here you can copy the **MSP ID** value.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

You are now ready for the bootcamp.

### Set up your environment (optional)

Additionally, you may want to prepare the web app client and server in advance—although this is not required, as this will be done during the bootcamp.

> 1. Export the [required files](./webapp/certs/README.md) from [Chainstack UI](https://console.chainstack.com/).

Reviewer 3: Why move the export instructions to a separate file?

Author: I created a readme file in the certs folder so the participants don't have to create a certs folder.
Hence i thought it made more sense to move the instructions there.

> 1. Export the [required files](./webapp/certs/README.md) from [Chainstack Platform](https://console.chainstack.com/).

Reviewer 2: Same as above
